Adds documentation for the FixtureLifeCycle attribute (#535)
nunit/docs: docs/articles/nunit/writing-tests/attributes/onetimesetup.md

## Notes

>  1. Although it is possible to define multiple **OneTimeSetUp** methods in the same class, you should rarely do so. Unlike methods defined in separate classes in the inheritance hierarchy, the order in which they are executed is not guaranteed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Although it is possible to define multiple [`OneTimeSetUp`](xref:onetimesetup-attribute) methods in the same class, you should rarely do so. Unlike methods defined in separate classes in the inheritance hierarchy, the order in which they are executed is not guaranteed.
```

Suggest using bullets vs numbers. Also backticks and xrefs.

>  2. **OneTimeSetUp** methods may be async if running under .NET 4.0 or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`OneTimeSetUp`](xref:onetimesetup-attribute) methods may be async if running under .NET 4.0 or higher.
```
Suggest using bullets, backticks, and xrefs.

>  3. **OneTimeSetUp** methods run in the context of the **TestFixture** or **SetUpFixture**, which is separate from the context of any individual test cases. It's important to keep this in mind when using [TestContext](xref:testcontext) methods and properties within the method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`OneTimeSetUp`](xref:onetimesetup-attribute) methods run in the context of the [`TestFixture`](xref:testfixtureattribute) or [`SetUpFixture`](xref:setupfixture-attribute), which is separate from the context of any individual test cases. It's important to keep this in mind when using [`TestContext`](xref:testcontext) methods and properties within the method.
```

Suggest using bullets, backticks, and xrefs.

>  4. When using **FixtureLifeCycle** with **LifeCycle.InstancePerTestCase**, the **OneTimeTearDown** method must be static and is only called once. This is required so that the setup method does not access instance fields or properties that are reset for every test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When using [`FixtureLifeCycle`](xref:fixturelifecycleattribute) with `LifeCycle.InstancePerTestCase`, the [`OneTimeTearDown`](xref:onetimeteardown-attribute) method must be static and is only called once. This is required so that the setup method does not access instance fields or properties that are reset for every test.
```

Suggest using bullets. backticks, xrefs.

> * When using [`FixtureLifeCycle`](xref:fixturelifecycleattribute) with `LifeCycle.InstancePerTestCase`, the [`OneTimeTearDown`](xref:onetimeteardown-attribute) method must be static and is only called once. This is required so that the setup method does not access instance fields or properties that are reset for every test.

Reviewer 2: Should this say `OneTimeSetUp` rather than ``[`OneTimeTearDown`](xref:onetimeteardown-attribute)``?

Reviewer 3: I think you are right it looks like a copy from onetimeteardown.md. I'll create a fix.
